Reworded to make a bit easier to follow (#2579)
dfinity/motoko: doc/modules/language-guide/pages/basic-concepts.adoc

However, modern languages universally favor lexical scoping, the meaning given here.

Aside from mathematical clarity, the chief practical benefit of lexical scoping is _security_, and its use in building compositionally-secure systems.

> Specifically, {proglang} gives very strong composition properties: For example, nesting your program within one you do not trust cannot arbitrarily re-associate your variable occurrences with different meanings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifically, {proglang} gives very strong composition properties: For example, nesting your program within one you do not trust cannot arbitrarily redefine your variables with different meanings.
```
Thanks, would this be even better?

Reviewer: @matthewhammer whaddya think?
